Start Season & Year: Summer/Fall 2023

Earliest Graduation Date: May 2022

Latest Graduation Date: Sep 2023

Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today's most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It's also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it's no wonder we're consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you're as passionate about your future as we are, join our team.


KPMG is currently seeking an Audit Associate to join our Audit Services team.

Responsibilities:
Develop an understanding of client-specific risks through review of financial results of the client, relevant external information, current business trends and specific client transactions, primarily for Japanese clients or non-Japanese companies that need strategic assistance in Japan
Learn to prepare clear, well-structured and effective audit documentation regarding our understanding of clients processes and technology systems, including the flow of transactions, identification of risk points and controls that mitigate the risk points
With appropriate guidance, execute and document testing of client controls and financial statement account balances with clear explanations of procedures and results using appropriate standards and terminology; identify potential misstatements and control deficiencies when performing testing procedures and escalate as appropriate
Support the execution of a high-quality audit through the diligent performance of assigned tasks and professional client and engagement team interactions; support the use of enabling technologies in the audit, which includes effective risk assessment, data extractions, statistical-based sampling procedures and related analyses
Identify process improvements and audit efficiencies as part of KPMGs continuous improvement culture; support project management activities by assessing and reporting status, tracking deliverables and coordinating action items
Adhere to the Firms Values and Code of Conduct
Qualifications:
Must be pursuing and have obtained by the start date or have completed the following degrees/majors in the past 12 months: Bachelor of Accountancy, Master of Accountancy, or equivalent program from an accredited college or university
Must be pursuing the state-specific education requirements to be a licensed Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in the principal place of business (the state in which the office is located) for this position, with completion of required academic credits prior to the start date for this position
Preferred GPA of 3.0 or above
Bilingual in English and Japanese with ability to use both Japanese and English language skills in a business environment
Coursework or minor in information systems, software engineering, computer science or data and analytics preferred; experience with data analysis tools and techniques such as Alteryx or Power BI preferred
Demonstrated quality service mindset and foundational knowledge of technical accounting and financial reporting standards; knowledge of generally accepted accounting principles
Strong technical aptitude, critical thinking and research skills; ability to navigate various computer applications, including MS Office (emphasis on Excel); aptitude to quickly learn KPMG Audit tools and applications used by our clients
Strong communication, time management and relationship-building skills; able to employ sound professional judgment and professional skepticism; flexible and adaptable team player; leadership experience and resourceful in delivering high quality work; ability to demonstrate project management skills is a plus
Work location may be in the office but will typically be at client sites, some of which may require travel and overnight/extended stay (varies by office); Audit professionals may have the opportunity to work virtually/remotely in the U.S. depending on business needs

KPMG complies with all local/state regulations in regards to displaying salary ranges. If required, the salary range(s) are displayed below and are specifically for those potential hires who will perform work in or reside in the location(s) listed, if selected for the role. Any offered salary is determined based on internal equity, internal salary ranges, market data, ranges, applicant's skills and prior relevant experience, certain degrees and certifications (e.g. JD, technology), for example.

Los Angeles Salary Range: Low $73000 - High: $75000


New York City Salary Range: Low: $71000 - High: $77000
KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer. KPMG complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding recruitment and hiring. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship status, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. The attached link contains further information regarding the firm's compliance with federal, state and local recruitment and hiring laws. No phone calls or agencies please.

KPMG does not currently require partners or employees to be fully vaccinated or test negative for COVID-19 in order to go to KPMG offices, client sites or KPMG events, except when mandated by federal, state or local law.  In some circumstances, clients also may require proof of vaccination or testing (e.g., to go to the client site).  